okay got the fender bonded holes drill
bolts in and have a pain in the butt by
yourself or in a hole
not than the other end but I figured out
a way use it a lot and where are we head
over here driver's side running board I
get my bracelet made welded on you can't
get too crazy welding it because like I
said the sheet metal and I'm pretty sure
they must have made it off an old you go
or something because it welds like crap
wait weld is in pretty good and I got
some gussets need nice and stiff so
moving along get the jukebox playing a
little Frank in the background making
progress all right we're back got the
running board done it's mounted bolted
on so that's done thunders pulls it on
the corner that's done here you talked
about the rear fender that's done stuck
the wheel on there just like and you
know a little bit of motivation and I
think it'd look pretty darn cool in
there you can stock the front one out in
there just I don't know why but it's
just sitting there looks cool what I got
done now is I need to make a road draft
tube for the engine so I had a hunk of
conduit nippled it down a half inch on
this end
baloney slice on that end brackets the
bolts onto the transmission if you get
Prime and paint that that applaud one
sing off the list the other thing is
this is like any like my guard for the
brake booster in this particular way I
did it it kind of sticks down a little
it probably is like that in all these
cars that put the booster against the
floor I mean it's not bad I mean it's
only probably an inch maybe two inches
below the frame I really don't need
something to kick up grab that lip but a
booster rip that off so the way I made
this here and I don't have any fancy
brakes or nothing so they're just gonna
beat it out on the old trusty railroad
tie and a big hammer
but what I did and it should work
they've got painted up and get it on
there this goes in those holes that goes
there and I got spaced it out and it
just gives it like a you know roll pan
kind of deal but kind of protected
booster me my luck I'll hit some
roadkill or something that's carrying
Iraq across the street and I'll rip that
off I won't be able to stop and I'll go
creaming into a telephone pole
that'll make you mad so that's what
we're doing I'm gonna paint that up get
that moaning get this painted get that
moaning and just keep on rolling all
right got the road draft tube painted
primed and painted
got a gloss black girl gonna go nice and
I get my uh my uh you know guard here
for the booster I'll paint it up that's
a flat black three I'll go better mr.
fraim so they're almost dry and we're
almost ready to put them back on stay
tuned alright we're under the car I got
my rooster guard on turned out pretty
good nice and strong there's a bolt
welded in the inside here too it goes to
this main piece of Steel I made it holds
the booster out if it all breaks and
that's tied into the frame and it's I
mean this is you'll pick the car up here
on that if you want it to and it bolts
up to my crossmember for my transmission
so it's you know I feel pretty
comfortable with that I mean anything
that would come up would flip off it
won't grab the booster and rip the
booster apart and then when that
happened you know your brake come flying
out and you're not stopping and I don't
wanna not stop that's my brake system
and then slide over here get my road
draft tube in that turned out slick
looks better than the factory on lost
oh I don't got one inch conduit homemade
bracket bent it the way I need it to up
to the back of the black and 283 and 327
s and 265 they have vintage you know
they have to crank case vent out the
back of the block so hook that all up I
mean you can't have a 283 but so it's
looking we all the bottom that's just
that's the way it is so that's probably
gonna be it for today got some done get
bunch of my little projects done and
that's what we're gonna leave it little
walk this week I can you know keep pucks
in on it place that's my plan
we'll see
oh yeah bad bad news today and broke a
mirror a brand new mirror a pot spring
Jefferson goes on like that forgot I had
it sitting in the seats in there and
then uh once I go throw something inside
the cat and a car here and I heard it's
like owl wets my mirror so I'll have to
buy another mirror minor all righty well
thanks for watching
next week is Simcoe nobody knows which
Simcoe is it's a big car show
very traditional car show 1964 and older
all the parts on the car have to be 1964
and older I believe it's it's fourth
annual I'll be up there next weekend so
I know I won't get much done in my car
want to get my car done for that but as
you can see this it's not going to
happen so next year we'll have that done
and I'll have Jamie's thirty-nine done
for that then both guys are out in
Sturgis right now but I know next year
we already planned that we're going to
Simcoe that's the goal so we got lots to
do this winter get this done and this
done and who knows there's always more
projects at tinker in here throughout
the winter talk to you guys later